---
title: Building & Construction
permalink: /productivity-solutions-grant/ITSolution/buildingconstruction/
third_nav_title: Pre-scoped IT Solution1
accordion:
  - title: e-Permit-to-work (e-PTW)
    content: Insight QSE Safety PTW System alleviates the current paper-based method of routing PTWs for approvals which is time-consuming and an administrative headache to store all paper-based PTWs properly for accountability and checks. The System will help to establish Control, Coordination and Communication for PTW applications among the participating stakeholders through both web and mobile application.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution279' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>InSight QSE - Insight  QSE Safety PTW System (Starter)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution280' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>InSight QSE - Insight  QSE Safety PTW System (Premium)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution281' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>InSight QSE - Insight QSE Safety PTW System (Enterprise)</a><br/><br/><br/>Hubble Safety Management System helps you manage and monitor the safety of your project sites in real-time. The software will streamline and digitise your Permit-to-Work (PTW) and track safety data for your work site in real time to enable the identification of urgent issues quickly. This will ensure construction sites remain safe and compliant at all times.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution462' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Hubble Safety Management System - Package (Up to 1 Project)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution463' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Hubble Safety Management System - Package (Up to 2 Projects)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution464' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Hubble Safety Management System - Package (Up to 3 Projects)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution465' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Hubble Safety Management System - Package (Up to 4 Projects)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution466' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Hubble Safety Management System - Package (Up to 1 Project, 2 years)</a><br/>
  - title: FM Workflow Automation
    content: FacilityBot is the first-to-market omni-channel AI-powered facilities management chatbot offered as a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). FacilityBot is friendly, flexible and feature-packed. FacilityBot's features include fault reporting, preventive maintenance, asset tracking, custom service requests, expenditures, response time tracking, data analytics, facilities booking, surveys, broadcasts and automated responses to FAQs. FacilityBot has been deployed in over 500,000 sqm of space in Singapore.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution401' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>FacilityBot - Small Facilities</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution402' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>FacilityBot - Mid-Sized Facilities</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution403' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>FacilityBot - Large Facilities</a><br/><br/><br/>Qornerstone Estate is an off-the-shelf solution to digitalize Property & Management (PM) operations. For property managers and single building owners looking to streamline operations and raise productivity levels, or who may wish to scale up but find themselves constrained by the escalating cost of manpower, the Qornerstone Estate is an end-to-end property, leasing, and facilities management platform to leverage on.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution473' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Qornerstone Estate Management System Version 3.50 - Qornerstone Subscription Package for Building Owners</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution474' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Qornerstone Estate Management System Version 3.50 - Qornerstone Subscription Packages for Property Management Companies (MA)</a><br/>
  - title: Quantity Surveying and Valuation
    content: A Digital costing platform, for the QS fraternity, whereby measurements of element components indicates geometry with attributes and information required by QS. Providing Detailed & Accurate Quantities during quantification of elements through the consideration of Industry Standard Calculation Rules & Settings based on Singapore Measurement Standards. Bringing a Visual Reality of a 2D Plan Drawing to a 3D Visualization Model.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution440' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Cubicost Digital 5D BIM Cost Management Solution Version 3 - Package 1 (5D BIM Takeoff for Architecture & Structure)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution441' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Cubicost Digital 5D BIM Cost Management Solution Version 3 - Package 2 (5D BIM Takeoff for Rebar)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution442' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Cubicost Digital 5D BIM Cost Management Solution Version 3 - Package 3 (5D BIM For BQ Cost Management)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution443' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Cubicost Digital 5D BIM Cost Management Solution Version 3 - Package 4 (5D BIM Takeoff for MEP - Full specs)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution444' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Cubicost Digital 5D BIM Cost Management Solution Version 3 - Package 5 (5D BIM Takeoff for Architecture & Structure with Rvt Integration)</a><br/>
  - title: Coordination Tools and Collaboration Platform
    content: BIM 360 Design - Single platform that connects design and construction processes and project team at one place.- BIM 360 Design is the cloud collaboration solution for Revit users.- Real-time Revit cloud work sharing and collaboration workflows for Civil 3D and Plant 3D- Securely co-author Revit models and access Civil 3D and Plant 3D files, across one firm or multiple firms<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution486' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BIM 360 DESIGN - 5 Users Pack Subscription</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution487' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BIM 360 DESIGN - 10 Users Pack Subscription</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution488' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BIM 360 DESIGN - 25 Users Pack Subscription</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution489' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BIM 360 DESIGN - 2 Users Pack Subscription</a><br/>
  - title: Accounting Management and Human Resource Management System (HRMS)
    content: <br/><br/>The solution is an integrated and cloud based Accounting and Human Resource Management System with modular system structure provides fast, reliable and comprehensive accounting, payroll and financial reporting and real-time analysis capabilities, enabling faster, more compliant financial close and run real-time financial accounting and reporting processes.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution639' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Accounting and Human Resource Management Version 3.0 - Package A (10 Users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution640' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Accounting and Human Resource Management Version 3.0 - Package B (20 Users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution641' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Accounting and Human Resource Management Version 3.0 - Package C (50 Users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution642' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Accounting and Human Resource Management Version 3.0 - Package D (Unlimited Users)</a><br/>
  - title: Accounting Management and Sales Management System Part 1
    content: <br/><br/>ABSS Premier is an integrated accounting, sales, inventory and multiple-currency management solution which integrate with  PEPPOL e-invoicing network. Listed in the IRAS Accounting Software Register, ABSS Premier is GST-compliant and a business management software that helps businesses to streamline their accounting procedures, simplify complex inventory issues, has full multi-currency capability, supports multi-users, and increases productivity.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution3' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier - Accounting and Sales Management System Version 23 - Package A with onsite training (1 user)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution4' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier - Accounting and Sales Management System Version 23 - Package B with onsite training (3 users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution5' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier - Accounting and Sales Management System Version 23 - Package C (1 user)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution6' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier - Accounting and Sales Management System Version 23 - Package D (3 users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution7' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier - Accounting and Sales Management System Version 23 - Package E with onsite training and remote access (1 user)</a><br/><br/><br/>Xero is a comprehensive accounting software that provides accounting features like invoicing, bank reconciliation, inventory, quotes, expense claims, reporting, GST and payments.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution8' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package A (Xero Premier full package with consultation)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution9' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package C (Xero Premier with Training)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution10' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package D (Xero Premier with setup)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution11' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package E (Xero Subscription only)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution12' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package B (Xero Premier full package)</a><br/><br/><br/>ABSS Premier provides advanced inventory, and business management capabilities to medium-sized companies. Process foreign currency transactions, GST submissions and analyse your business accurately. You can manage even the most complex business with ease using the multi-user ABSS Premier.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution13' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier V23 Version 23 - Package A with E-Invoicing (1 User)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution30' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier V23 Version 23 - Package B with E-Invoicing (3 User)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution31' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier V23 Version 23 - Package C with E-Invoicing and setup (1 User)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution32' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier V23 Version 23 - Package D with E-Invoicing, Setup and Training (3 Users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution33' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier V23 Version 23 - Package E with E-Invoicing, Setup, Training and Cloud Terminal (3 Users)</a><br/><br/><br/>QuickBooks Online is a cloud-based accounting software geared towards small to medium size businesses. The solution is also listed on IRAS Accounting Software Register (ASR) and provide all the necessary features for accounting and sales management. Key features include sales, payroll, expenses, invoices and taxes.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution44' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>QuickBooks Online - Package (Essential)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution45' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>QuickBooks Online - Package (Premium)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution46' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>QuickBooks Online - Package (Starter)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution49' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>QuickBooks Online - Package (Professional)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution50' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>QuickBooks Online - Package (Enterprise)</a><br/><br/><br/>Xero is a cloud-based accounting software geared towards small to medium size businesses. The solution is also listed on IRAS Accounting Software Register (ASR) and provide all the necessary features for accounting and sales management. Key features include sales, payroll, expenses, invoices and taxes.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution51' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud - Package (Starter)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution52' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud - Package (Essential)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution53' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud - Package (Premium)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution57' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud - Package (Professional-Inventory)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution58' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud - Package (Enterprise)</a><br/><br/><br/>Intuit Quickbooks Online is the number one cloud accounting solution for SMEs in the World developed by USD 75 Billion Listed Company, Intuit.  As at June 2020, it has 4.5 million users around the World. It has presence in 100+ countries and 12 languages.Singapore is one of the key market of Intuit in Asia, and Quickbooks Online is customised to the requirements to the Accounting and Tax compliance requirements in Singapore.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution59' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Intuit Quickbooks Online Full Transformation Package - Intuit Quickbooks Online - Basic Plan</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution61' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Intuit Quickbooks Online Full Transformation Package - Intuit Quickbooks Online - Full Digital Transformation for Medium Business Package</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution62' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Intuit Quickbooks Online Full Transformation Package - Intuit Quickbooks Online - Essential Plan</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution63' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Intuit Quickbooks Online Full Transformation Package - Intuit Quickbooks Online - Full Digital Transformation for Micro Business Package</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution64' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Intuit Quickbooks Online Full Transformation Package - Intuit Quickbooks Online - Full Digital Transformation fo Small Business Package</a><br/><br/><br/>Xero offers a cloud-based accounting software platform for small and medium-sized businesses. Its key features include automatic bank feeds, invoicing, accounts payable, expense claims, fixed asset depreciation, purchase orders, bank reconciliations, and standard business and management reporting. Xero has more than 200 secure connections with banks and financial service partners around the world.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution65' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Accounts101 - Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package A (Premium)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution66' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Accounts101 - Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package B (Premium w/ Fixed Asset)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution67' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Accounts101 - Xero Cloud Accounting Software - Package C(Premium w/ Fixed Asset & Inventory)</a><br/><br/><br/>Xero is a cloud-based accounting software platform for small and medium-sized businesses. Xero provides businesses with real-time visibility of their financial position and performance in a simple, smart and secure manner.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution103' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Version 10.5 - Advante Package A (Xero Standard Full Package)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution104' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Version 10.5 - Advante Package B (Xero Standard Basic Package)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution105' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Version 10.5 - Advante Package C (Xero Premium Full Package)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution106' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Version 10.5 - Advante Package D (Xero Premium Basic Package)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution108' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Xero Cloud Accounting Version 10.5 - Advante Package E (Xero Standard Subscription Only)</a><br/><br/><br/>ABSS premier is an on-premise full fledge and integrated accounting, sales, inventory and multiple-currency management solution.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution139' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23.0 - Package A (Single User Licence full package)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution140' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23.0 - Package B (Three User Licence full package)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution141' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23.0 - Package C (Three User Licence full package with remote access)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution142' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23.0 - Package D (Single User Licence product only)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution143' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23.0 - Package E (Three User Licence product only)</a><br/><br/><br/>Formerly known as MYOB, ABSS Premier is designed to help SMEs take care of your transactions and business in a simple and easy way. Besides AR, AP, GL, Inventory, Banking & GST all seamlessly integrated, ABSS Premier also integrates with local bank, IRAS GST portal & PEPPOL e-invoicing network. ABSS Premier features multi-currencies, project & departmental costing, multi-warehouses dedicated to making your business work and access to updates about your accounting and business operation with ease<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution157' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23 - Package A with E-Invoicing (1-User)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution158' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23 - Package B Software Only with E-Invoicing (3-Users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution159' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23 - Package C with E-Invoicing (3-Users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution160' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23 - Package D Advanced with E-Invoicing (3-Users)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution161' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23 - Package E Advanced with E-Invoicing (5-Users)</a><br/><br/><br/>ABSS Premier is an accounting and inventory management system that integrates with local bank, IRAS GST portal and PEPPOL e-invoicing network. The solution simplifies complex inventory issues, has full multi-currency capabilities, departmental accounting, support multi-locations and able to generate financial analysis reports.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution178' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23  -  Package (Single User with E-Invoicing)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution185' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23 - Package (3 Users with E-Invoicing)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution186' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS Premier Version 23 - Package (5 Users with E-Invoicing)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution187' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS PremierPlus Version 23 - Package (Single User with E-Invoicing)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution188' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>ABSS PremierPlus Version 23 - Package (3 Users with E-Invoicing)</a><br/>
---

## Pre-scoped IT Solutions for Building & Construction

#### Solutions supported under the Productivity Solutions Grant are regularly reviewed. Do take note of the current support levels and grant caps.

{% include accordion.html %}

*If you d like to become a pre-qualified vendor for PSG IT solutions, click <a target='_blank' href='https://www.imda.gov.sg/icmvendors' >here</a> to find out more.*

