---
title: Retail
permalink: /productivity-solutions-grant/IT Solution/retail/
third_nav_title: Pre-scoped IT Solution
accordion:
  - title: E-Commerce - Online Shop and Marketplace
    content: Digital Retail eCommerce Solution enable users to enhance their online presence through mobile responsive  e-Commerce website with content management, online leads analysis and online transaction management capabilities. <br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution138' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Digital Retail eCommerce Solution Version 1</a><br/><br/><br/>eCommerce equipped by WooCommerce and Wordpress. Bona Technologies is a proud partner of Wordpress.com<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution254' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BonaEcom - Standard</a><br/><br/><br/>eCommerce equipped by WooCommerce and Wordpress. Bona Technologies is a proud partner of Wordpress.com<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution255' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BonaEcom - Premium</a><br/><br/><br/>eCommerce equipped by WooCommerce and Wordpress. Bona Technologies is a proud partner of Wordpress.com<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution256' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BonaEcom - Premium</a><br/><br/><br/>Creative eShop is e-commerce platform which enable users to manage their online content, business transaction, marketing outreach to potential customers with optimal shopping experience. Equipped with a user friendly interface, user can easily utilise the platform without much IT knowledge.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution319' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Creative Eshop - Package (Lite)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution320' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Creative Eshop - Package (Premium)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution321' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Creative Eshop - Package (Pro)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution322' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Creative Eshop - Package (Standard)</a><br/><br/><br/>ePSProfessional is a feature-rich ecommerce online shop solution based on open source system (Prestashop 1.7x) which allows store owners to run easily on their existing web hosting. It includes an online catalogue which saves customer service effort. The online ordering and payment capabilities help to increase productivity by eliminating paper invoicing and PO faxing. The search-engine-optimized system and training create a digital marketing advantage for the merchants over their competitors.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution379' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EPSProfessional V1.7</a><br/><br/><br/>MPD e-commerce SMEs Version offers SMEs an opportunity to increase their sales online by widening their reach thru the digital platform where users can easily browse, shop and purchase their merchandises/products/services via a few clicks online with minimal manpower required. In addition, the solution allows SMEs to manage their inventory and reporting (e.g. revenue, costs, trends etc.) more efficiently as well as to improve their overall operating cost as compared to a brick and mortar store.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution603' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>MPD E-Commerce SMEs Version - CMS Ecommerce</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution604' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>MPD E-Commerce SMEs Version - Express </a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution605' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>MPD E-Commerce SMEs Version - Elite</a><br/><br/><br/>Shopcada is an Omni Channel retail solution which consists of Online Ecommerce, POS for Retail Shops, Mobile Application as well as is integrated with Online Marketplaces such as Shopee, Lazada and Zalora. With Shopcada, business owners manage their business that spans across the different channels within a single dashboard. With GMV processed in 2019 exceeding SGD50M, Shopcada has already proven itself as a reliable and user friendly platform for sellers.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution932' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Shopcada Ecommerce and POS - Shopcada Premium Ecommerce with Grow Mobile Package</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution933' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Shopcada Ecommerce and POS - Shopcada Premium  Ecommerce Package</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution934' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Shopcada Ecommerce and POS - Shopcada Standard  Ecommerce with Emerging Mobile Package</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution935' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Shopcada Ecommerce and POS - Shopcada Standard  Ecommerce Package</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution936' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Shopcada Ecommerce and POS - Shopcada POS+ Package</a><br/>
  - title: Enhanced Retail Management System
    content: Studio Manager is an enterprise retail POS and CRM solution that integrates marketing, sales, inventory, human resource functionalities in one solution. The software evolved since 2002 has targeted beauty operators like spa, aesthetic clinic and salons. It is a proven solution for small to large chains in malls.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution169' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>STUDIO MANAGER Version 7 - Package A (Standard)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution170' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>STUDIO MANAGER Version 7 - Package B (Professional)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution171' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>STUDIO MANAGER Version 7 - Package C (Premium)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution172' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>STUDIO MANAGER Version 7 - Package D (Branch License)</a><br/><br/><br/>AZ Digital POS solution offers an end-to-end Point of Sale Solution to record sales entry, maintain customer relations, upkeep inventory and provide sales report and analysis for both stand-alone and multi-outlets operations. <br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution209' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>AZ Digital POS Solution - Package (VIVIPOS Basic)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution210' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>AZ Digital POS Solution - Package (VIVIPOS Standard)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution211' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>AZ Digital POS Solution - Package (POSWORKS Standard)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution212' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>AZ Digital POS Solution - Package (VIVIPOS Premium)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution213' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>AZ Digital POS Solution - Package (POSWORKS Premium Plus)</a><br/><br/><br/>Beautec system aims to simplify the tedious workflow processes of the highly complex beauty spa. It is an online, real-time, multi-branch ERP cum CRM system to solve operational issues.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution231' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Beautec Version 3 centralized version - Package (Standard without HW)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution232' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Beautec Version 3 centralized version - Package (Standard with HW - 21.5" screen)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution233' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Beautec Version 3 centralized version - Package (Standard with HW - 23.8" Screen)</a><br/><br/><br/>EquipPOS Retail Solutions combines the strength a traditional POS and a cloud-based system by synchronising data to cloud in real-time yet working without internet at the same time. Operations will not be hindered even when it's offline and  data can be viewed in real-time from our cloud-based EquipWeb backend once internet is available. Edgeworks POS solutions give you the performance and the stability that you need.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution374' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EquipPOS Retail Solutions Version 3 - Package A (Basic)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution375' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EquipPOS Retail Solutions Version 3 - Package B (Basic + Multi Outlet Control + Appointment & Commission)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution376' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EquipPOS Retail Solutions Version 3 - Package C (Basic + Inventory Manager APP)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution377' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EquipPOS Retail Solutions Version 3 - Package D (Basic + Inventory Manager APP with Tablet)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution378' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EquipPOS Retail Solutions Version 3 - Package E (Basic + Inventory Manager APP Without Hardware)</a><br/><br/><br/>EPOS Enhanced POS helps retailers at their Point of Sales to improve checkout, customer management, inventory management and provide detailed sales, customer and product data and analysis. It reduces human error and improve accuracy in sales invoicing and stock deduction.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution395' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EPOS Enhanced POS Version 2 - Package (EPOS Enhanced POS Software Package)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution396' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EPOS Enhanced POS Version 2 - Package (EPOS Enhanced POS All In 1)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution397' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EPOS Enhanced POS Version 2 - Package (EPOS Enhanced POS All In 1 - Tablet)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution398' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EPOS Enhanced POS Version 2 - Package (EPOS Enhanced POS All In 1 with Smart Inventory Management)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution399' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>EPOS Enhanced POS Version 2 - Package (Enhanced POS All In 1 with Smart Inventory Management and Accounting Integration)</a><br/><br/><br/>Eurostop Provides a full and complete retail POS solution to enable our retail customers to better manage their day to day retail process workflow to all their outlets and warehouses. The system provides a full set of sales transaction that consists of the sales and payment mode information, and attaches members and sales persons to the transaction. This allows the retailer to view and analyze their customer spending behaviours, product sales performance and stock inventory level.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution400' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Eurostop EPOS and E-retail Inventory Management Version 10 - Package A (EPOS and Retail Inventory System)</a><br/><br/><br/>VEON@Experience is a suite of cloud-based SaaS tools to empower Stylist and Salons in their daily business operations. Designed for the next-generation salons, VEON@Experience is extremely visual and easy-to-use for ordinary people like you and me. You can use it anytime, anywhere, on any internet-enabled touch screen devices on demand.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution427' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>VEON@Experience Version 1.0 - Package A (VEON Basic (no hardware))</a><br/><br/><br/>VEON@Experience is a suite of cloud-based SaaS tools to empower Stylist and Salons in their daily business operations. Designed for the next-generation salons, VEON@Experience is extremely visual and easy-to-use for ordinary people like you and me. You can use it anytime, anywhere, on any internet-enabled touch screen devices on demand.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution428' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>VEON@Experience Version 1.0 - Package B (VEON Basic (+ hardware))</a><br/><br/><br/>VEON@Experience is a suite of cloud-based SaaS tools to empower Stylist and Salons in their daily business operations. Designed for the next-generation salons, VEON@Experience is extremely visual and easy-to-use for ordinary people like you and me. You can use it anytime, anywhere, on any internet-enabled touch screen devices on demand.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution429' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>VEON@Experience Version 1.0 - Package C (VEON Basic (no hardware) + 5 Stylist, Assistant, Freelancer tool + 2 Software powerpacks)</a><br/><br/><br/>VEON@Experience is a suite of cloud-based SaaS tools to empower Stylist and Salons in their daily business operations. Designed for the next-generation salons, VEON@Experience is extremely visual and easy-to-use for ordinary people like you and me. You can use it anytime, anywhere, on any internet-enabled touch screen devices on demand.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution430' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>VEON@Experience Version 1.0 - Package D (VEON Basic (+ hardware) + 5 Stylist, Assistant, Freelancer tool + 2 Software powerpacks)</a><br/><br/><br/>VEON@Experience is a suite of cloud-based SaaS tools to empower Stylist and Salons in their daily business operations. Designed for the next-generation salons, VEON@Experience is extremely visual and easy-to-use for ordinary people like you and me. You can use it anytime, anywhere, on any internet-enabled touch screen devices on demand.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution431' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>VEON@Experience Version 1.0 - Package E (VEON Basic (+ hardware) + 10 Stylist, Assistant, Freelancer tool + 3 Software powerpacks)</a><br/><br/><br/>RetailPlan provides a complete real-time overview of retail operations with centralised control for better connectivity with various business functions. Transactions are captured and analysed on real-time basis to facilitate more informed business decision. <br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution576' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>RetailPlan Version 4.0 - Package (Standard)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution577' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>RetailPlan Version 4.0 - Package (Basic)</a><br/><br/><br/>RavenPOS offers standard to full scale business enterprise software automation solution covering all major business trades with integration to our cloud based HQ system to consolidate sales across multiple channels or outlets, ability to segregate customer, inventory and sales reporting on channel/outlet level plus full cloud based accounting suite to assist business owners to gain holistic view of company financial health.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution655' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>RAVENPOS ENTERPRISE RETAIL BUSINESS SUITE Version 12 - Point Of Sale with Accounting</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution656' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>RAVENPOS ENTERPRISE RETAIL BUSINESS SUITE Version 12 - Point Of Sale</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution657' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>RAVENPOS ENTERPRISE RETAIL BUSINESS SUITE Version 12 - Point Of Sale with Mobile Order Management</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution658' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>RAVENPOS ENTERPRISE RETAIL BUSINESS SUITE Version 12 - Point Of Sale with CRM</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution659' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>RAVENPOS ENTERPRISE RETAIL BUSINESS SUITE Version 12 - Point Of Sale with QR Ordering</a><br/><br/><br/>Octopus Retail Management Solution is a comprehensive suite solution which manage promotions through various channels, track inventory, manage operations and engage customers digitally for better retail experience. <br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution666' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Octopus Retail POS Solution - Package (Retail Multi Terminal)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution667' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Octopus Retail POS Solution - Package (Retail POS + CRM + eCommerce)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution668' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Octopus Retail POS Solution - Package (Retail POS + CRM)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution669' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Octopus Retail POS Solution - Package (Retail POS)</a><br/><br/><br/>Qashier provides smart point-of-sale (POS) solutions to help small merchants digitise their businesses. Qashier'ss flagship product is the Qashier Smart Terminal, a connected, multi-purpose device that combines a payments hub, cloud-based POS software, and a proprietary app store in one uniquely designed device. Qashier enables merchants to manage entire stores with just one terminal on the counter.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution728' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Qashier Smart Terminal - Package A (Basic)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution729' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Qashier Smart Terminal - Package E (2 Terminals Full Bundle)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution730' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Qashier Smart Terminal - Package B (Pro)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution731' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Qashier Smart Terminal - Package C (Basic + Visa/Mastercard Enabled)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution732' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>Qashier Smart Terminal - Package D (Pro + Visa/Mastercard Enabled)</a><br/><br/><br/>BeauteSoft CRM is an operational management tool suitable for Salons, Beauty Centres, Wellness Centres or other Grooming Services. It provides Sales Management, Service and Product Management, Staff Management, Customer Management, Appointment Scheduling, SMS Email Marketing, Customer Visit and Absentee Analysis, Customer Loyalty Point Management, Treatment record and image comparison (before and after) Sales Planning.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution774' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>BeauteSoft Version 6.3</a><br/><br/><br/>Cloud-Based POS System with product management, inventory management, promotion management and sales analytics module. Designed for Retail, F&B, QSR chains and the Service line.<br/><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution937' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>KYBIO Version 3.0.9.3 - Package (Basic)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution938' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>KYBIO Version 3.0.9.3 - Package (Basic + Inventory Management)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution939' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>KYBIO Version 3.0.9.3 - Package (Basic + Multi Terminals)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution940' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>KYBIO Version 3.0.9.3 - Package (Basic + Mall Integration)</a><br/><a href='/productivity-solutions-grant/solutionrepo/solution941' target='_blank' style='color:#037e8a'>KYBIO Version 3.0.9.3 - Package (Basic - Windows)</a><br/>
---

## Pre-scoped IT Solutions for Retail

#### Solutions supported under the Productivity Solutions Grant are regularly reviewed. Do take note of the current support levels and grant caps.

{% include accordion.html %}

*If you d like to become a pre-qualified vendor for PSG IT solutions, click <a target='_blank' href='https://www.imda.gov.sg/icmvendors' >here</a> to find out more.*

